DataGrid/Gantt: Rewrite PDF troubleshooting topic (#7630)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/80 Troubleshooting/15 PDF Export Issues/00 Export Unsupported Characters/00 DataGrid/00 DataGrid.md

When exporting DataGrid data to PDF, some characters may be displayed incorrectly in the generated file. 

> PDF supports a limited set of characters. To export unsupported characters, you need to implement a font that includes these characters. This tutorial demonstrates how to add custom fonts to your DataGrid PDF exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDF supports a limited set of fonts and they are all limited to the ASCII-codepage. If you want to use UTF-8 characters, you need to supply a font that includes necessary glyphs. This tutorial demonstrates how to add custom fonts to your DataGrid PDF exports.
```
